A man who killed his partner after subjecting her to months of abuse is aiming to have his prison sentence reduced because of his age, his remorse and a mathematical error by a judge.

But the Crown says Jessie John Ferris-Bromley, 23, should be stuck with his eight-year jail term for the manslaughter of Virginia Ford.

Ferris-Bromley was not in the Court of Appeal in Wellington on Thursday to hear the arguments for and against his appeal, but Ford's Dunedin-based family made the trip.

Television's Money Man, Brendon Johnson, lost his boat.

Someone stole it, he says. But the alleged thieves – who Johnson says stole his boat in December – recently returned the boat to Johnson with an added pallet of beer.

Johnson, a former army man and television presenter, posted a video thanking members of the armed forces for helping him get his boat back.

"I would like to thank those who helped me, all of whom will remain unnamed, particularly those former and serving members of NZ Armed Forces," the former television presenter said in a Facebook post.

READ MORE: * Money man's guide to surviving Christmas

Johnson claimed his boat was stolen early in December while it was parked up outside his factory.

He immediately started a search for the boat and said he spent months "putting together the clues".

"I virtually gave up working in my business for a couple of months," he said.

The mystery of who stole it was yet to be solved. The boat was recently returned to Johnson without arrest.

Johnson said he found it parked in his driveway with a pallet of Heineken beer.

A hammock on a naval ship has three purposes - crew members use it to sleep, if the ship goes down it can be rolled up and used as a floating device, and if an officer dies at sea it becomes their body bag.

Auckland man Colin Cameron, 92, was a radar operator on HMS Achilles during World War II when it was hit by a Japanese air strike that killed 13 crewmen.

Some of them were blown overboard by the blasts, he said.